Update tune-performance.md (#10536)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tune-performance.md

# Analyze and Tune Performance

> TiDB Cloud provides [Statement Analysis](#statement-analysis), [Slow Query](#slow-query) and [Key Visualizer](#key-visualizer) to analyze performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud provides [Statement Analysis](#statement-analysis), [Slow Query](#slow-query), and [Key Visualizer](#key-visualizer) to analyze performance.
```

![Statement Analysis](/media/tidb-cloud/statement-analysis.png)

For more information, see [Statement Execution Details in TiDB Dashboard](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dashboard-statement-details).

## Slow Query

By default, SQL queries that take more than 300 milliseconds are considered as slow queries. 

To view slow queries in a cluster, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Diagnosis** tab of a cluster.

2. Click the **Slow Query** tab.

3. Click any slow query in the list to display its detailed execution information.

> 4. (Optional) You can filter slow queries based on the target time range, the related database, and SQL keywords, and also limit the number of slow queries to be displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) You can filter slow queries based on the target time range, the related databases, and SQL keywords. You can also limit the number of slow queries to be displayed.
```

For details, see [Statement Execution Details in TiDB Dashboard](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dashboard-statement-details).

## Slow Queries

> To use the Slow Queries, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, SQL queries that take more than 300 milliseconds are considered as slow queries. 

To view slow queries in a cluster, perform the following steps:
```

1. Navigate to the **Diagnosis** tab of a cluster.

2. Click the **Slow Queries** tab.

> 3. Click any item in the list to display detailed execution information of the slow query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click any slow query in the list to display its detailed execution information.
```

> 4. (Optional) If you care about specific time periods, databases, keywords, you can select the corresponding schema(s) to filter the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) You can filter slow queries based on the target time range, the related database, SQL keywords, SQL types, and limit the number of slow queries to be displayed.
```

The results are displayed in the form of a table, and you can sort the results by different columns.

> ![Slow Queries]()

Reviewer: Please add the screenshot.

Author: done

> For details, see [Statement Execution Details in TiDB Dashboard](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dashboard-statement-details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Statement Execution Details in TiDB Dashboard](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dashboard-statement-details).
```

## Slow Queries

By default, SQL queries that take more than 300 milliseconds are considered as slow queries. 

To view slow queries in a cluster, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Diagnosis** tab of a cluster.

2. Click the **Slow Queries** tab.

3. Click any slow query in the list to display its detailed execution information.

> 4. (Optional) You can filter slow queries based on the target time range, the related database, SQL keywords, SQL types, and limit the number of slow queries to be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Optional) You can filter slow queries based on the target time range, the related database, and SQL keywords, and also limit the number of slow queries to be displayed.
```

Reviewer: It seems that SQL type is not provided in the filter conditions.

The results are displayed in the form of a table, and you can sort the results by different columns.

![Slow Queries](/media/tidb-cloud/slow-queries.png)

> For more information, see [Slow Queries in TiDB Dashboard](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-slow-query).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Slow Queries in TiDB Dashboard](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dashboard-slow-query).
```
